In this demo, you will:
Learn how to use Visual Studio Code and the IoT extensions for Visual Studio Code 

Install Visual Studio Code
   Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, macOS      and Linux. It comes with built-in support for JavaScript, TypeScript and Node.js and has a rich ecosystem of extensions for other        languages (such as C++, C#, Java, Python, PHP, Go) and run times (such as .NET and Unity).

1. To open the Visual Studio Code download page, click the following link: Download Visual Studio Code

   Instructions for installing Visual Studio Code on Mac OS X and Linux can be found on the Visual Studio Code set up guide here. This      page also includes more detailed instructions and tips for the Windows installation.

2. On the Download Visual Studio Code page, click Windows.

   When you start the download, two things will happen: a popup dialog opens and some getting started guidance will be displayed.

3. On the popup dialog, to begin the setup process, click Run and then follow the on-screen instructions.

   If you choose to Save the installer to your Downloads folder, you you can complete the installation by opening the folder and then      double-clicking the VSCodeSetup executable.

   By default, Visual Studio Code is installed in the "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft VS Code" folder location (for a 64-bit machine).    The setup process should only take about a minute.

     Note: .NET Framework 4.5 is required for Visual Studio Code when installing on Windows. If you are using Windows 7, please ensure       .NET Framework 4.5 is installed.

   For detailed instructions on installing Visual Studio Code, see the Microsoft Visual Studio Code Installation Instruction guide here:    https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/setup


Install Visual Studio Code Extensions
    1. Open Visual Studio Code.

    2. On the left side of the Visual Studio Code window, click Extensions.

         The Extensions button is sixth from the top. You can hover the mouse pointer over the buttons to display the button titles.

    3. In the Visual Studio Code Extension manager, search for and then install the following Extensions:

         Azure IoT Tools (vsciot-vscode.azure-iot-tools) by Microsoft
         C# for Visual Studio Code (ms-vscode.csharp) by Microsoft
